Your Majesty, what's the matter?
If it hadn't been for the prince today, I might have been beaten to death by someone else.
Thank you. This is a dessert for you.
No, I don’t mean to save you.
You are going to detoxify me,
Even if you are a liar, I still want to give it a try.
But I'm not a liar, I will really help you detoxify.
So when are you going to start?
Now that it has started, why are there so many missing ones?
Don't worry, I won't test it.
After all, I still want to be reasonable.
It's reasonable for you to think so.
After all, you will be with someone you don’t like,
You are, right?
But why did you marry into Maobelly in the first place?
It’s not because of the emperor
I should not marry
He's going to kill my whole family
Then you'd better cut the poison out of me as soon as possible
Otherwise, I will kill you too
Don't worry, I don't want to give you the information yet
Such a good dessert
I don’t think I need it anymore.
I'll eat it myself
Almost no one likes it